CS310 Final Project
By Heidi Blank


1. What was the purpose of this project in your own words?

- The purpose of this project is to create declarative configurations for a variety 
of tasks completed by a System Administrator such as deploying an application (Bagisto and Grafana)
 and adding users with different permissions.



2. Describe each task. What did that task accomplish, how did you accomplish it. Use complete sentences.

- First, we deployed both Bagisto and Grafana using Docker. In order to accomplish this, we searched on 
Ansible’s documentation for how to pull an application image and start the container. Based off the documentation
 example, we substituted the proper naming based off of Bagisto and Grafana’s docs and slightly edited other 
 parts of each task. The two tasks required were for docker to pull the image, and then the second task was to
  start the container with said image. Both Grafana and Bagisto followed this same pattern. 
- For our User playbook, we had tasks for creating a developer group, creating an admin group, giving the admin
 group sudo privileges, and then three tasks to add three separate users to the different groups. In order to 
 accomplish this, we mainly looked at Ansible’s documentation and searched for examples of how to implement 
 different users, groups, and privileges.



3. Explain 3 hurdles/misconceptions you encountered whilst working on the project. How did you overcome these hurdles?

- The biggest hurdle we had was deploying Bagisto on our server instead of using declarative configurations. We overcame
 this by asking for help and looking at Ansible’s documentation for Docker, so we could implement it that way instead. 
- Another hurdle we had was working with GitHub because of our different systems and making sure we didn’t mess up each
 other’s work. The way we overcame this was a lot of consistent communication.
- Lastly, we struggled with finding documentation with giving the sudo group root access, so Reagan research on AI sources
 for how to implement this access.



4. Explain 2 things you would do differently if you had to re-do this project?

- First, I would have planned ahead better with searching through all the documentation beforehand so that the tasks were
 easier to understand and implement. I also would have liked to find in Ansible’s documentation where it describes how to
  give root access to the sudo group.



5. (Extra Credit +2 Pts) What is something that could be improved in this project? This could be related to tasks, grouping,
 the servers, etc. If all you add is that it should've worked the first time that's not enough.
 
- Something that could be improved in this project is more explanation on how Ansibile works. Something else that could be
 interesting is if we had had the time to actually start the configurations and setup more as if it were a real company.